♪♪
Moving-truck-moving-truck-
moving-truck-moving-truck!
We're getting new neighbors!
Mom, back away
from the window.
Niiice
and sloooow.
You don't wanna
scare 'em off, do ya?
[ muffled ]
I won't do that!
Git her, mr. S!
Let me go!
I'm not gonna
scare 'em away!
[ straining ]
yes, you will.
Why do you think
no new neighbors
ever stick around?
You do tend to come on
too strong, francine.
[ sighing ]
I know I do...
I just get excited.
Excited to grow
our little community.
Frickin' sue me.
[ horn honks ]
[ gasps ]
there's a dad.
And a...
Young single dad, maybe?
That's a teenage girl.
I know because I see them
on the cw.
[ muffled ]
a wiiiife!
There's
a wiiiiiffffeee!
♪♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ the sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ and he's shinin' a salute
to the american race ♪
♪ oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ good -- ♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
Aah!
[ dish rattling ]
Just havin' a stare
at the front door again, franny?
Me? No.
I'm trying
to calm my nerves
Before we welcome
the new neighbors.
Isn't that in like
four hours?
You know what they say,
Early bird gets
the great neighbors
And the thriving community.
Well, it has
a nice ring to it.
I might start saying it myself,
but it won't be today.
Today, I'm a boy's kite.
And I have to be hanging
in his shed
Before his deadbeat mom
gets there.
She visits him once a year
on his birthday
And they take me out
and fly me.
That sounds depressing.
That's the point.
All the time, I'm having
so much fun with my personas.
But you can't have the highs
without the lows.
Just like you can't have
a rainbow without orange.
The shittiest color.
Announcer: That's right,
the color orange --
You've been dadded!
I get it.
Oh, well.
I hope you have
an awful day.
Thanks, I will...
[ clang! ]
ow!
Ugh! Dammit!
A perfect start
to a terrible dayyyy!
[ dish rattling ]
[ laughs nervously ]
[ doorbell rings ]
Mom.
Try and relax.
[ breathes deeply ]
Hi, I'm jessica!
Hi, jessica,
I'm francine!
I made you
a casserole!
There's nothing
in there!
I know!
I was too excited to make it!
And I was too excited to go
to the store for lemons!
This is just tap water
and mustard!
Wha-ho-ho,
trippy.
[ dishes rattling ]
Holy cow, mr. Klaus,
This fish looks
exactly like you!
It does not.
I see it.
Totally.
Like twins!
This is a bit.
You guys are
joking on me.
It's got a big,
stupid head thing!
Ah, you've met
my fish.
I'm donald.
And that's kashi.
She's a sheepshead wrasse.
That must be
What you are, klaus.
Hey there, neighbor.
I'm jake.
Wanna hang out
in my man cave?
My dude cavern?
My guy hole?
Guy hole, you say?
Lead the way.
Donald, those are
some sick frames.
What's your
prescription?
Right eye
minus five...
Left eye minus four!
Mm.
You guys
get high?
Does your fish look
identical to mr. Klaus?
♪♪
Little boy: Be right there, mom!
Just gonna grab my kite!
Okay, here we go.
[ door creaks open ]
Gahhhh!
Perfect.
[ grunting ]
Okay, the worst is over...
[ electricity zapping ]
aah-ah! Aah!
Wow.
Our basement is unfinished,
but this is next level.
It's the reason
I bought this house.
Perfect conditions
for my hobby.
I age my own blue cheese.
Rip yourself off a chunk.
Uhh...
That took me six years
to make.
[ muffled ]
it's delicious.
Can I tell you
how thrilled I am
To finally have another woman
right next door?
I'm thrilled you didn't run
for the hills the moment we met.
My family says
I come on a bit strong.
Shut. Up.
My family says
the same thing about me!
O-m-g, hilarious!
But really, all I want
is for my family
To be part
of a nice community.
Me too!
[ together ]
frickin' sue me!
[ both laugh ]
♪♪
[ laughter ]
The wind's
really good, mom!
I bet if my string was longer,
it could fly to the moon!
[ belches ]
You know what, I got
a pretty good buzz goin'.
And since
it's your birthday --
Wait, right?
Yeah.
Good.
Because of that, how 'bout
we see how high we can fly
That weird-ass kite of yours
together?
[ gasps ]
do you really mean it?!
Happy birthday.
A big ball of twine?!
This is the best
birthday ever!
Ugh.
This is depressing.
This is perfect.
♪♪
[ door creaks ]
[ knocks ]
it's go time.
I thought we were saying
"it's show time" now?
Right.
By the way, oscar-worthy
performance earlier
Pretending to like
the new neighbors.
You weren't so bad
yourself.
Thanks.
It's show time.
I'll send the signal.
I think I actually prefer
"it's go time."
Whatever it is,
it's time.
Gather everyone while
I send the signal.
It's show time.
I think "show time"
would go better with these.
I love it.
That's what we do now.
♪♪
Oooh, stan's cauldron
is ablaze.
Oooh!
♪♪
Oh, al, again on the toilet
for the cauldrons?
Oh, surprise, surprise.
Stan's using my cauldron again
without asking.
♪♪
Bro.
You promised no blow
until the afterparty.
Jeez, klaus.
I only did a teeny bit!
I get excited
for these!
Greg, please release
the banner --
Whoo!
Welcome,
neighbor haters.
We're gathered here
tonight
Because we got new neighbors
in town --
Aaaah!
Chill, greg.
Everyone, place a hand atop
the book of stolen doormats
As we recite our oath.
We, the members of the cherry
street neighbor haters club,
Do solemnly swear
to drive away all new neighbors,
Before they can annoy
the hell out of us...
With their
"hey, how ya doin's"...
And their
lawnmower fumes...
And their "at this house
we believe in science" signs.
And most of all,
Their disgusting,
unfamiliar faces
And sometimes-hard-
to-remember names.
Like frank!
[ together ]
bye-bye, losers!
Dad? Is there something wrong
with your damn hand?
You didn't wave bye-bye
to the losers.
I knew those incredible
eagle eyes of yours
Would someday
come to haunt me.
I'm having second thoughts about
driving away the new neighbors.
[ all gasp ]
daddy, no!
Daddy yes, steve.
Francine really
hit it off
With this new neighbor wife
last night.
Of course she did!
She loves neighbors.
And we hate them!
"hey, how ya doin'?"
puh!
Dad, the fact that mom
hit it off with jessica
Only means way more neighborly
things are on the horizon.
Think about it.
"can we use
your pool, stan?"
"can we borrow your hammer,
stan?"
Those are your things, stan!
I know just what
you need, dad.
Greg, hop on the keys.
♪♪
♪ it's a terrible day
here on cherry street ♪
♪ a very bad day for
new neighbors to greet ♪
♪ please don't be mine ♪
♪ say you're not mine ♪
♪ I never want to have
new neighbors, especially you ♪
♪ I'd much rather live in
a neighborhood without you ♪
[ together ]
♪ so let's wipe the floor
with this horrible day ♪
♪ and get these new neighbors ♪
♪ the [bleep] out our way ♪
♪ please don't be mine ♪
♪ say you're not mine! ♪
♪ don't you be my neighbor! ♪
It's show time!
Whoa, you're adding
finger guns?
[ all murmuring ]
Whoo!
Blam-blam!
Blam-blam-blam!
Blam-blam-blam-blam-blam!
Blam!
Blam-blam-blam!
Guys, I need help!
♪ blam, blam-blam!
I can't stop shooting! ♪
Whoa-oh, I'm greggie! ♪
♪ blam, blam-blam! ♪
Hayley: [ huskily ]
headed somewhere, stud?
Uh, hayley.
Um, I'm off to work,
in fact.
[ baby talk ] ooh, not with
such a durdy car, you're not.
What?
I just had it washed.
I saw the way you were looking
at me last night.
Like I was a big, juicy meatball
you wanted to shred up!
Shred up a meatball?
[ gurgling ]
That water's gotta
taste terrible.
That can't taste good.
What's she doing?
[ panting ]
francine, help!
It's my discman!
I think there might be
something wrong with it!
Can you have a listen?!
Oooh!
I love gloria estefan!
♪ feel the rhythm of the music
getting stronger... ♪
Whew!
Please get off my car!
I need to go to work!
But I still have to
lick this baby dry...
Ungh, ahhh, ungh!
Okay, that's enough!
Yeah, use me
like a sponge!
Jeff: Hey!
You tryin' to shred
my meatball, pal?!
I really don't know
what that means.
Jeff, don't shoot!
[ screaming ]
Shoot him, jake!
He crazy!
I'll kill you!
Shoot him, shoot him,
shoot him!
[ jeff screaming ]
[ "conga" plays ]
[ screaming ]
What have I done?!
You killed jeff,
that's what.
[ helicopter blades whirring ]
It's my dad!
He works for the cia.
But don't worry,
he never liked jeff.
He'll clean this mess up!
Mmmwah!
I'll always love you.
Now gather your family,
get on that helicopter,
And never look back!
Roger: Stan!
Pick me up!
You gonna loop around
and scoop me?
Do a loop and scoop?
Shit.
I don't think he's loopin'.
Damn kids.
Stan!
The time to loop is nooooooow!
♪♪
Amazing performances today
by all.
Especially you,
babe.
I really believed you when
you said mr. S never liked me.
Hey, acting
is believing.
And believing the truth
is easy!
[ laughter ]
Hey! Hey-hey-hey!
Everybody hold up!
Please tell me
someone grabbed
The neighbor's doormat
for the book?
That's your job,
steve.
My job was doing burn makeup
on what's-his-name!
I thought klaus --
Bro, c'mon, man.
You know every time,
you secure the doormat.
You rascal!
What an actor!
[ laughter ]
Hey, where's the doormat?
And I didn't wear underwear
today, just to punk that thing.
Guess I'm the one
who got punked.
[ door creaks ]
The heck?
Hello?
Jessica?
"property of al tuttle.
Return to 1017 cherry street.
And feel free to ride me!"
Okay!
This is so embarrassing.
I better not run into
anyone I know up here.
[ laughter ]
Francine?!
Aaaaah!
Mother,
what brings you here?
Oh, just returning
tuttle's pogo stick
He left at our
neighbor's house.
Being a good
neighbor.
Whew, I thought
you were onto us.
I am onto you!
What the hell are these
old neighbors' doormats
Doing in
this book?!
And why is our son holding
jessica's doormat?!
Oh, that's easy.
Because we haven't put it
in our doormat book yet.
What's a doormat book?!
I-I have to be honest, I don't
know anything about any book.
Who brought this here?
Can someone besides this moron
answer my questions?
We're the cherry street
neighbor haters club!
We chased 'em
out of town, okay?
[ gasps ]
hayley!
Your mother and I demand
to know why!
Stan, I know
you're part of this.
Francine,
I can explain.
It all started years ago
with the schumacher family.
You remember
how terrible they were --
Those people
sucked so hard.
And then there were
the tuckers.
Ohhh!
Suck suck suckers!
The klepners!
The goldricks!
The memaris!
They were all perfectly
good neighbors!
Well, by then it was
probably more about
The fun we were having
together --
"the fun"?!
Aah!
But the fun
stops now.
I promise.
Pff, I ain't
promising shit.
I mean it, hayley.
This is the last family
we chase out.
And the first family
you bring back!
Get the damn
neighbors back!
♪♪
Thanks for putting this
gals brunch together, jess.
It's so great having you
back next door.
Of course.
Hayley, in this house,
it's no elbows on the table.
Oh, sorry.
Gosh.
She serious?
It's basic manners, hayley.
I hope fresh-squeezed
is okay?
Mmm,
with a little vodka?
Yes, please.
Sorry.
We're a sober house.
Oh!
Now, that's awesome.
Why, you should
give it a try, francine.
Elbows off
the table, mom.
Say, whatcha cookin',
jess?
My famous scrambled eggs.
They're perfectly fluffy.
Ooh, I make 'em
fluffy, too.
The secret is...
Half 'n half.
Water.
Water?
No, sorry,
but it's half 'n half
That makes a scrambled egg
fluffier.
No, it's not.
It's just plain water.
[ door bangs ]
I want that bitch gone!
I want
that bitch gone!
Okay, that's seven door kicks,
francine.
You're ruining our door
and our game!
When I'm pissed off,
I kick doors!
That's the woman
you married, baby!
And those neighbors
need to go!
But you just had us
get them back.
That was before I knew
jessica was
A weirdo, water-in-her-eggs,
sober nerd.
Ah, she doesn't drink.
She does not drink!
I screwed up, okay?
But now I get it.
And I've been sober
all morning!
Whose fault is that,
francine?
The neighbors!
That's whose
fault it is!
Hey, she is
starting to get it!
Cheers to that!
[ cheering ]
[ halfhearted cheering ]
And cheers
to that.
You may need to get
some help, mrs. S.
Help getting that family
out of here!
[ cheering ]
[ beeping ]
That satellite is my ticket
back to earth.
Just gotta grab a solar panel
and steer it home --
[ bang ]
Wheeeee!
♪♪
How come we can't think
of anything?
We've never had trouble
getting neighbors out before.
Let's face it,
guys.
We've got
schemer's block.
I know
what we need!
It's cocaine.
Yeah, definitely
cocaine.
Cocaine!
[ teeth chattering ]
I say we get rockets
and a buttload of duct tape
And blast the neighbor's house
off our street!
Love that!
Oh-ho, that's good!
Steve, tell me
you got that down!
I'm having trouble
keeping up, dad.
A-are you sure I shouldn't
have just a little taste?
Just give him
a gummer, stan.
You crazy?!
Kid's got huge gums,
there won't be enough for us!
What if I wear the neighbor's
house like a big hat
With all the family
stuffed inside
And just walk 'em out
of our neighborhood for good?
Yessss,
tuttle, yesss!
These ideas are fire!
Steve, are you getting down
all the fire?
I'm doing my best!
Now snap a pic --
god!
The camera on this phone
is so [bleep] good!
I can see, like,
chalk particles!
Hurry, stan!
We need to print that pic
And execute the plan now,
while our highs are peaking.
Oh!
Jessica has a printer.
And I'm still connected
to her wi-fi!
Bam!
Just texted you the plans.
When we get over there,
francine will find the printer
On the sly
and print one for everyone.
We can all sign one,
and I'll get it framed!
Oh, I love
the frame shop.
People love me
at the frame shop.
What am I doing
with my life?
I should work
at the frame shop!
[ fingers drumming ]
Okay, okay!
He's got the job!
[ cheering ]
I gotta get
a picture.
[ beep ]
[ gasps ] oh, no!
I just sent our plans
to the neighbor's printer!
Back to
cherry streeeeet!
With this piece
of satellite,
I'll be able to steer any
passing meteor down to earth.
Now to wait for a meteor...
Hmm, let's see...
Maybe some attention-grabbin'
ass wagglin'.
[ whooshing ]
Wow, these meteors
are thirs--
[ bang ]
...Teeeeeee!
Huell howser:
So, you're the one responsible
For baking all these pies.
No, these are
rotisserie chickens.
Wooooowww!
That's amazing!
Even the boysenberry?!
That's a cash register.
Wooooow!
[ whirring ]
is somebody
printing something?
[ door bangs ]
where's your printer?!
Where's your printer,
Ahhhhhhh!
Everyone!
Get ready to execute!
Aah!
[ glass shatters ]
We need to get
out of here, now!
A little more west, aaand...
That should put me down
in our pool.
Tuttle:
Found the printer!
[ glass shatters ]
Are they gonna
hurt us, mom?
No, donald.
They must be on drugs.
They need our help.
[ thumping ]
francine: Jess-I-caaa!
Half 'n half makes fluffier
scrambled e-ee-eggs!
Francine, please!
This isn't the real you!
You've had too much caffeine!
Or sugar, maybe!
Oh, god,
I hope it's not both!
But we're not gonna abandon you
in your time of need!
As long as our house
is next to yours,
We're gonna be with you
every step of the way!
Roger:
Missed the pool.
[ explosion ]
I did the math!
Howdy, neighbors!
[ screaming ]
we're not your
neighbors anymore!
Jake:
What she said!
Aw, please tell me
you saved me a gummer.
♪♪
I'd just like to thank you all
for letting me
In your little
neighbor-hating club.
Did we have
that vote yet?
And even though you've been
hiding this club
From me for years,
I'm willing to forgive you all
because being in this club
Is exactly
the sense of community
That I've been
longing for!
So, like,
do we meet every night?
'cause I'm available.
And like, what should I wear?
Whoa, eager beaver
alert!
Pump the brakes,
mrs. S.
Yeah, pump the beaver,
mom.
Little boy:
I'll be right there, mom!
[ door creaks open ]
Whoa!
Awesome new space kite!
Happy birthday, kiddo.
[ screams ]
Bye! Have a great time!
♪♪